05 - feb - 2022 #Disclaimer : the format date that I chose is because the USA
				format break my head xP
				Also is a issue of habit

So today I initiated this diary to document every progress, mistake and
achievement that I make in my learning process.

Today I worked in PY4E in chapter 14: Using Web Services.
In the first autograde where the goal is to parse a XML file 
and extract some numbers, I didn't make to it.

Some kind of error occur in the final parsing of the file, 
when I solve it the rest its gonna be easy.




06 - feb - 2022

I solved the problem, I saw a solution yesterday and confirmed a suspect, 
the API KEY was causing the troubles for retrieving the info.

I erased that part and the rest was straight forward.

I gonna try the next problem later

Later: Problem solved! (ExtractingDataFromJSON)
The mayor issue was that the JSON file have 2 main objects and 
I need to traverse through the second that contains multiple sub-objects. 
Normally I will make something like: 

	for (i=0; i < length(ofTheObject); i++)
		object[i][objective]

So the problem was to adapt this algorithm in Python
And a made this: 

	i = 0
	result = 0
	count = 0

	for items in info['comments']:
  		result = result + int(info['comments'][i]['count'])
  		i += 1 #this was necessary because Python don't have i++ sintaxis '¬¬'
			also don't have the third condition in for loops '¬¬'
  		count +=1

07 - Feb - 2022

Today I just study OOP, I don't get much of the thing and a need to repeat the Quiz.
Also, it occurred to me an app that can be useful in my job tracking the kids at school dismissal time.
"Dismissal is the correct word???"


08 - Feb - 2022

I only review a few concepts of debugging in TheOdinProject.
My job left me tired today and I don't feel in good shape to code.
BTW my grammar in english it's getting better!


09 - Feb - 2022

Today I went back to work with "Rock, Scissor, Paper, Lizzard, Spock", 
making more o less 100 lines of code, it didn't see so much now, 
before it was like madness to think in such size.

So, The Odin Project doesn't ask for too much, if enough if the page prompts the results 
but I wanna make a more interactive page.

Another thing of the day, I learned that the "Switch" statement can only accept one parameter,
so when I try to pass two parameters the code didn't work, for that reason, I refactored the code whit "If-Else"
statement and then I learn that the "Break" statement in If-Else break the code.


10 - Feb - 2022

I'm really tired today but I managed to advance in the JS code for RSPLS, which now tells you when you lose or win. 
And fixed the lack of Tie case with a specific response for each case.
Also I made a Quiz from PY4E.

11 - Feb - 2022

Another PY4E Quiz passed, enough for today!

13 - Feb - 2022

For today I was learning about SQLite in PY4E, I saw almost every video of the chapter 

14 - Feb - 2022

Pulish my RSPLS proyect, I know more of how embed the JS file to html, I need to work in the CSS and html for that.
Also I made tow excersices from PY4$, I need to resolve tow more and the quizes.
Has been a great day!

15 - Feb - 2022

Advancing in the project, I'm making a HTML file for the game itself.

16 - Feb - 2022

I do another little step forward making the desing for the page where the user gonna play the game. 
Also I kepp advancing in my readings of the Odin Proyect but I wanna to finish this project.

19 - Feb - 2020

The other day a make progress with RSPLS and commited to GitHub and today a maked trough one
of the autogrades of PY4E, it just one to do, two quizes and it will be done.
Also I changed from Xubuntu to Lubuntu y my laptop, I like Lubuntu is even faster.

20 - Feb - 2020

Today the progress whas little, I was reading "JS The Complete Guide", also a look for the  documentation
of 'C', 'Python' and 'Rust', also I installed Rust on my machine.
Update: I finished the last autogade, now it jus to finish the quizes.


22 - Feb - 2020

Todays I finish the PY4E Course!!!
I will rest from python for a few days and the a will start over from the begining

23 - Feb - 2023

Another great day!
So now the hand selector for the RSPLS project is working, and not only put your image of the hand, 
also put the numeric variable and return for the game can start.
I need to check that everyting is working fine.

24 - Feb - 2020

A sad day, a war as begun :c
In code things, I was just reading about EMACS6

25 - Feb - 2020

Today's I been reading about JS, NodeJs, install Git and GitHub in my recient Lubuntu OS.
I continue reading "JS the defintive guide" and The Odin Proyect about clean code, functions and arrays 
this were topics that I feel confortable now but what's new to me is the TDD (test driven delevoment).
The recomendation about comments in the code where also good to read even is some of then make seen obvius.
I think it can be useful for certains project that the comment get's you to the documentationif applieds.
Another important thing is the practice of make scketchs in paper before starting to code.

In other no related touhgs "FORZA UCRANIA!!!"
